Do you hear me?
Go away
Do you want your family to collect your body?
Ice teaches you to believe me
He's an impostor.
Enough ice sculptures are also what you can shout
Stop toads and want to eat swan meat
I was just angry and wanted to destroy myself
I just called you to make do with it
Now Zhan Shuai is here
he
He is my hero and the man I admire the most
Then I don't care about anyone
You'd better get out by yourself
Since you are so stubborn
I'll expose him for you to see
You are the commander of the Dragon King Legion, aren't you?
Yeah, what's wrong?
Warlord fights the world
Microservice Sifang
Yours is martial arts
Don't let your position kill me
Come and show me what you can do
Zhan Shuai, since he offends your dignity so much
Then don't give me face.
Just kill him!
He is an ant
Sister matches me
Where is the dragon
Yes
Kill him yeah
Jingjiao don't worry
No one can offend my majesty
Teach him how to be a man while spraying powder
He deserved it.
How dare you offend Zhan Shuai?
Boy is dead